Updates to understanding query volume (#1941)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/dns-query-limits.md

### Where can I see my current query volume?

> You can find your zones' query volume for the current billing period in the "Billing and Plans" section of your account page. In this section, you will see the top 100 zones by query volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the query volume for your zones, go to your account settings page and click the "Billing and Plans" section. There, you will see the top 100 zones by query volume for the current billing period.
```
